welcome back to movie recaps today i
will show you a sci-fi horror film
called
splice spoilers ahead watch out and take
care
two scientists clive nicole and elsa
cast are experts in the field of genetic
engineering that work for a company
called newstead
the company conducts various experiments
that focus on splicing dna of different
animals in order to produce new life
forms that would be used for medicinal
use
after many failed attempts cliven elsa
finally managed to succeed in their
mission
the duo watches their creations in on
decides to name the two grotesque
creatures fred and ginger
the two organisms were meant to be used
to produce medicinal proteins for
livestock
upon seeing the amazing results and
possible opportunities their experiment
holds
clive and elsa predict that they can use
the same splicing technique they used
for fret on humans
the two scientists predict that if
applied correctly the technique could be
the miracle cure for numerous currently
incurable diseases such as alzheimer's
and parkinson's disease
their idea didn't get the green light
from their employers joan corey and
william barlow
who strictly forbade the young
scientists to conduct human
experimentation
as that could potentially lead to bad
publicity for the company
clive and elsa decide to undergo their
experiments in secret
after a few unsuccessful attempts the
two managed to create a successful human
slash animal splice
excited by their scientific breakthrough
elsa decides to take the genetic
material to the birthing room in order
to start the development of their
creation clive is opposed to the idea
but elsa is keen on continuing the
experiment since it could potentially be
a solution to many human diseases
she convinces clive by telling him not
to worry as they're going to destroy the
creature before it reaches full term
so nobody will ever know clive starts
the machine and the conception sequences
started
later clive is talking to one of his
colleagues the young man asks what are
he and elsa working on
but clive manages to dodge the question
meanwhile elsa can be seen examining the
incubator
when the heartbeat of the creature
suddenly falls quiet she instantly
becomes worried
but is quickly relieved as the heartbeat
appears again
after finishing work elsa and clive are
lounging in their apartment
talking about moving to a bigger
apartment the conversation continues and
the two get to the topic about having
kids
which makes elsa visibly nervous their
conversation is interrupted by an alarm
on clive's phone
they rush to the lab immediately turns
out that the fetus is ready to come out
despite
being months away from its planned birth
clives and elsa's attempts to fix the
machine and stop the creature from being
born are unsuccessful and elsa injures
her hand in the process
the creature is born and before it can
escape and do any more damage
clive manages to trap it under a plastic
container
he goes to help elsa who is convulsing
and losing consciousness due to her
wound
which is likely infected by the
creature's poison clive injects her with
some medicine
and she goes back to normal elsa and
clive return to their apartment
the birth deeply shakes both clive and
elsa with clive expressing that they
should destroy their creation
elsa tells clive that there's still a
lot they can learn from this situation
but clive is set on destroying the
creature soon the both of them head to
the lab to kill the creature
only to find what appears to be a dead
body in the incubator
upon further examination elsa notices
that while there is a bunch of dead
tissue in the incubator
the entire body of the creature is
missing almost immediately she hears
small
fast footsteps coming towards her she is
met with a small
chicken-like creature that imprints on
her elsa and clive managed to knock the
creature out and begin to study it
only to find out that it can excrete
venom even though there was no predatory
gene in its dna
as the creature's life continues it's
revealed that the creature is aging
rapidly due to its defective dna
later that night clive meets with barlow
who informs him that if they can't sell
the medicinal proteins from ginger and
fred
new state is going to be in big trouble
and clive and elsa would be to blame
a month passes and the creature has
grown to be very large
based on the way it acts it can be
concluded that it possesses a human
toddler level of intelligence
also forms a bond with the creature
treating it more like a child than a
science experiment
much to clive's worry she goes as far as
letting the creature out of its
containment area and taking the cover
off its stinger
after the creature spells nerd out of
toys after it sees the company's name on
elsa's shirt
elsa decided to name the creature tren
which is nerd spelled backwards
elsa's treatment of dren leads to an
argument between elsa and clive
apparently their experiment is in
trouble of getting uncovered
since their lab is set to be renovated
which opens a possibility for someone to
see their forbidden experiment
that's when gavin clive's brother in the
lab and fellow college
sneaks into the room to ease trope on
their conversation but unexpectedly runs
into dren
terrified he quickly flees the scene in
order to keep dren a secret
clive and elsa decide to sneak dren out
in a card box and hide her in a storage
area
away from prying eyes to their dismay
draen has a really high fever
which greatly worries elsa elsa and
clive quickly put draen in a cold water
bath in order to soothe her fever when
clive holds dren underwater
it is revealed that the creature
developed dubious lungs
that night elsa takes care of dren
giving it a barbie doll which she had to
hide from her mother when she was a
child
as time went on dren has grown to be
significantly larger
with a more human womanly appearance as
elsa and clive fool around and end up
having intercourse on the couch
dren can be seen secretly watching them
from the next room
the next day clive and elsa present
their original hybrid creations
fred and ginger to the public
unfortunately
the presentation goes horribly wrong as
the two creatures turn extremely violent
and fight each other to death
after examining the situation clive and
elsa found out that ginger transformed
into a male
the reason as to why she did so remained
unknown elsa and clive decide to move
dren into an old farmhouse elsa's mother
once owned
when they get to the farm dren runs off
to find some food after setting up
dren's room in the barn elsa and clive
proceed to the farmhouse
upon opening the door they're met with a
filthy room with a bed
a single chair and a bucket which
indicates that elsa lived in an abusive
environment when she was younger
meanwhile joanne is not satisfied with
her life on the farm
with her creators gone from work all the
time and only a cat to keep her company
draen becomes rebellious which clive
takes well in contrast to elsa
who is deeply disturbed by it in order
to keep drain at bay
elsa decides to stay at home and keep
trend company to make trent happy
elsa showers her in makeup and jewelry
which elsa's mother strictly forbade
when elsa was a child
when elsa checks the makeup table she
finds numerous drawings of clive
but not a single one of her dren grows
nervous at elsa's find and runs away to
her cat
which elsa takes away telling dren she
can't get everything she wants
which is a part of growing up when clive
arrives home he finds draen sad
and tries to cheer her up by turning on
some music and dancing with her
while dancing clive felt forbidden
feelings towards draenei soon comes to
the realization that elsa used parts of
her dna whilst they were creating draen
he goes to confront elsa the two clash
and clive leaves
after clive is gone elsa decides to give
dren back the cat she previously took
away
but dren kills it causing elsa to slap
dren across the face
dren pounced at elsa so she could steal
the barn keys to escape
but is knocked out and strapped to an
operating table elsa begins to take off
dren's jewelry and clothes
and due to her violent behavior removes
her stinger
when clive arrives elsa takes the
stinger back to the lab to find the
proteins and synthesize them for her
work
the next day clive goes to the farm to
find elsa but is met by dren
who tries to seduce him clive initially
declines
but ultimately succumbs to dren's
advances and the two have intercourse
during the act it can be seen that dren
has regenerated her previously amputated
stinger
to clive's horror also walks in on them
and runs away in disgust
clive runs to her and both of them enter
their car and drive to their old
apartment where they have an argument
about elsa's views on draen
it is revealed that elsa wanted to
create a child instead of traditionally
having a child because she desperately
wanted to have control over the said
child
a need that probably stems from her
abusive childhood
when they finish their argument the two
come back to the farmhouse
only to find draen dead in her bed they
buried draen's body and burn her clothes
whilst moving dren's things elsa finds
dren's drawings of herself
that's where gavin and barlow arrive
having found out about elsa's and
clive's secret
before they can engage in conversation
dren suddenly appears
now looking more masculine indicating
that dren2
like ginger transformed into the
opposite gender
dren becomes aggressive killing barlow
and gavin and pouncing on clive
elsa manages to run away into the woods
but doesn't get very far
as dren catches up with her quickly dren
pounces on elsa and presses her to the
ground and forces intercourse with her
but is stopped by clive
who impales draen with a branch from
behind draen attacks clive
which leads to elsa bashing a rock on
draen's head killing the creature once
and for all
in the aftermath of all this elsa is
still a newstead employee and has been
granted permission to continue her
research into proteins that were present
in dren's body
when she stands up she is visibly
pregnant which hints at the possibility
that she is carrying dren's child make
sure to subscribe and turn on
notifications so you can watch more
videos like this
thanks for watching